Local development option (#215)
astronomer/helm.astronomer.io: README.md

* Report all enhancements, bugs, and tasks as [GitHub issues](https://github.com/astronomerio/helm.astronomer.io/issues)
* Provide fixes or enhancements by opening pull requests in Github

## Local Development

Install the following tools:

- docker (make sure your user has permissions - try 'docker ps')
- kubectl

> - kind (Kubernetes in Docker)

Reviewer: Link to setup here: https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kind#installation-and-usage

- gcloud cli (make sure gsutil in PATH)
- helm

Make sure you have access to the GCP development account

```
# checks you can download the development TLS cert

> gsutil cat gs://astronomer-development-certificates/fullchain.pem

Reviewer: Provide what to do if you don't have permission.

```

Run this script:

```

> /bin/bash bin/reset-local-dev

Reviewer: Provide what directory to run this script from.

* Report all enhancements, bugs, and tasks as [GitHub issues](https://github.com/astronomerio/helm.astronomer.io/issues)
* Provide fixes or enhancements by opening pull requests in Github

## Local Development

Install the following tools:

- docker (make sure your user has permissions - try 'docker ps')
- kubectl
- [kind](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kind#installation-and-usage)
- gcloud cli (make sure gsutil in PATH)
- helm

Make sure you have access to the GCP development account

```
# checks you can download the development TLS cert
gsutil cat gs://astronomer-development-certificates/fullchain.pem
```
If this does not work, anyone with 'Owner' in the development project can grant you 'Owner' via IAM.

Run this script from the root of this repository:

```

> /bin/bash bin/reset-local-dev

Reviewer 2: If we make our script executable, we should be able to shorten this to `bin/reset-local-dev` right?

Author: yes

* Report all enhancements, bugs, and tasks as [GitHub issues](https://github.com/astronomerio/helm.astronomer.io/issues)
* Provide fixes or enhancements by opening pull requests in Github

## Local Development

Install the following tools:

- docker (make sure your user has permissions - try 'docker ps')
- kubectl
- [kind](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kind#installation-and-usage)
- gcloud cli (make sure gsutil in PATH)
- helm

Make sure you have access to the GCP development account

```

> # checks you can download the development TLS cert

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Check that you can download the development TLS cert:
```

gsutil cat gs://astronomer-development-certificates/fullchain.pem
```
If this does not work, anyone with 'Owner' in the development project can grant you 'Owner' via IAM.

Run this script from the root of this repository:

```
bin/reset-local-dev
```

Each time you run the script, the platform will be fully reset to the current helm chart.

### Customizing the local deployment

#### Turn on or off parts of the platform

Modify the "tags:" in configs/local-dev.yaml
- platform: core Astronomer components
- logging (large impact on RAM use): ElasticSearch, Kibana, Fluentd (aka 'EFK' stack)
- monitoring: Prometheus
- kubed: leave on

#### Swap a component with a local image

- List deployments
```
kubectl get deployments -n astronomer
```
- Edit the deployment
```
kubectl edit deployment -n astronomer <deployment name>
```

> - Search for "image" and replace the appropriate image with the local image name, and modify the pull policy (right below image in the editor window) with "Never".

Reviewer 2: @sjmiller609 this works? I can do a `docker build` in a platform component repo and `kind` will be aware of it, without pushing it to a remote registry?

Aren't there two distinct docker daemons at play here?

Author: I don't know. let's wait until I get to try it.

Reviewer 2: Looks like there's a `kind` command to load a local image for use inside the cluster.
https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/docs/user/quick-start/#loading-an-image-into-your-cluster
